hey what's up guys welcome to my kitchen
my name is Ryan and I'm a recent college
grad and I thought that I would share
with you how I make my deluxe version of
ramen because if you're in college or
even after college you know that their
main diet is pretty much ramen so I
thought that I would show you a really
quick and easy cheap way to make ramen
tastes really good
so first I need to go and get my
ingredients so let's go to the Asian
market let's go alright I could just buy
ramen and I'll be done let's find the
ingredients for when Robin
first thing I like to get is the creams
or in special sauce but you can use any
vegetables but I like to use B bok choy
there is the green
I don't need that video so maybe that's
what's good beats bok choy ah the ramen
selection yes I like to buy these
because it comes with the broth
wandering together and it tastes better
to get these ones that like have frozen
noodles or already made noodles on the
dried one these are always so much
better I'm gonna show you Robin and the
time comes Robin see these dry ones just
aren't as good as the ones are in the
freezer here so I would avoid those next
you want to get the meat I like to get
like pork belly or smoked pork loin
so that meat that I guess I'll get this
wife
it's that simple
okay so let's get started on our meal
person to do is just get the pot of
water boiling started and the trick is
you don't actually need to fill the
whole pot up with water if you notice if
you have the pump with the pot always
boiling over when you cook ramen you
don't actually need too much water to
boil ramen so there you go
I'm gonna put it set it to like medium
just wait for that to boil while we wait
for that to boil I'm going to start on
slicing up the green to make this bag so
difficult to open the first thing I like
to do is wash the greens I'm just going
to use two step two of these like this
take them apart and then wash them
individually that's how you watch it
just turn off the water take each piece
and run it into the water and wipe your
fingers over okay next we take our knife
and chop up the baby bok choy into tiny
bite-size pieces check it out the first
thing I like to do is chop off the ends
like to make it diagonal and that's what
I do
time for the sped up version try it on
the front panel so set that to medium
also we need some olive oil yeah we're
just gonna let the pan heat up and then
just stick that on there so what comes
in these robin packs it's like way too
small one serving is weight useless I
always just make two yes that comes with
the noodles that are all really nice and
it comes with the the soup base here so
as you can see the noodles are all
really nice and soft and super delicious
BAM just cut up the roasted pork belly
so I'm just gonna freeze each piece in
the neck and it's already cooked so I
usually just stick it in the hot broth
in the den like keeps it up this will
make one two three four five six seven
eight problems this is not considered
boiling I think this is ready though
I can start making with a soup base so
what I like to do is I don't like to use
the same water that's easier to boil the
soup base because the noodles have like
flour and stuff on them so what I like
to do is boil separate broth so I can
get a nice clear broth I have this thing
here where I can boil water but you can
always as well in another pot I put the
rest in the refrigerator here the wire
looks like it's ready so noodles okay so
this is important right now is to make
sure that you keep mixing it or else you
don't want the girls to stick to the
bottom so the Broncos will be a little
package here and you just open the
packet and it adds a broth
this is soy sauce broth then you add
your hot water yeah that's about enough
see if the noodles are done
perfect so next thing we do is strain
the noodles pour cold water over it so
this stops the cooking process over here
and it also gets rid of all the slime
that's on the noodles if there's any
extras like Slimer scum so your noodle
very extra clean the water drain out and
add the noodle to soup base yeah now
we're gonna garnish it with everything
that we made BAM and it's done
awesome the last thing is I add this
shichimi pepper for taste to make it
extra spicy and there you go yeah
awesome
look at this ramen so delicious and it's
so easy to make and definitely looks
better than your average college run in
there upgrade let me upgrade ya make
sure to check out my main channel vlog
after college I'll put a link
description below and I've been enjoying
my ramen thanks for watching first of
all what you need you need an ironing
board I would suggest getting like the
full size one I used to try to do it on
[Music]